feat(www): add "Supabase Pipelines is now in Public Alpha" blog post (#47864)
supabase/supabase: apps/www/_blog/2026-07-15-supabase-pipelines-public-alpha.mdx

- More schema changes, including broader type change support, are on the roadmap.
- Performance, memory usage, and latency will continue to improve.
- Destination support will expand based on customer demand and product feedback.
- Multi-region support for reduced latency is being evaluated.

We're especially interested in feedback from teams using Supabase Pipelines for analytics, reporting, audit trails, ML workflows, and workload isolation.

## Get started

![Supabase Pipelines dashboard](/images/blog/supabase-pipelines-public-alpha/pipelines-screenshot-1.png)

Supabase Pipelines is available in public alpha on all paid plans, from the Supabase Dashboard.

Create a pipeline, choose BigQuery as your destination, select the tables you want to replicate, and start moving your Postgres data into your warehouse.

To explore the underlying technology, visit the open-source [[Supabase ETL repository](https://github.com/supabase/etl)](https://github.com/supabase/etl). If you want to understand when to use Supabase Pipelines instead of Realtime, read [Realtime or Pipelines? How to choose the right tool](https://supabase.com/blog/realtime-or-etl-how-to-choose-the-right-tool).

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

---
title: 'Supabase Pipelines is now in Public Alpha'
description: 'Supabase Pipelines is now in public alpha with schema change support, a faster initial copy, and new destination request forms for ClickHouse, Snowflake, and DuckLake.'
author: riccardo_busetti
imgSocial: supabase-pipelines-public-alpha/og.png
imgThumb: supabase-pipelines-public-alpha/thumb.png
categories:
  - product
tags:
  - pipelines
  - bigquery
  - postgres
date: '2026-07-15'
toc_depth: 2
---

> Today we're moving **Supabase Pipelines** into public alpha. The biggest addition is schema change support: Pipelines can now detect supported schema changes in your source tables and apply them to the destination. This release also brings a faster initial copy and new destination request forms for ClickHouse, Snowflake, and DuckLake.

Reviewer 2: Does it matter that we have never "announced" Pipelines? Why not simply treat this like a new product launch?

Author: We've introduced [Pipelines back in December 2025](https://supabase.com/blog/introducing-supabase-pipelines). And we are applying a new product launch treatment for this announcement! 🚀

> Today we're moving **Supabase Pipelines** into public alpha. The biggest addition is schema change support: Pipelines can now detect supported schema changes in your source tables and apply them to the destination. This release also brings a faster initial copy and new destination request forms for ClickHouse, Snowflake, and DuckLake.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Today we're moving **Supabase Pipelines** into public alpha. The biggest addition is schema change support: Pipelines can now detect supported schema changes in your source tables and apply them to the destination automatically. This release also brings a faster initial copy and new destination request forms for ClickHouse, Snowflake, and DuckLake.
```

> Supabase Pipelines replicates your Supabase Postgres data to external analytical systems in near real time. It is powered by [Supabase ETL](https://supabase.com/blog/introducing-supabase-etl), our open source change-data-capture pipeline written in Rust. Supabase ETL reads changes from Postgres through logical replication, copies existing table data, streams inserts, updates, deletes, and truncates, and writes them to your destination.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Supabase Pipelines replicates your Supabase Postgres data to external analytical systems in near real time. It is powered by [Supabase ETL](https://github.com/supabase/etl), our open source change-data-capture pipeline written in Rust. Supabase ETL reads changes from Postgres through logical replication, copies existing table data, streams inserts, updates, deletes, and truncates, and writes them to your destination.
```

Supabase Pipelines gives you a reliable way to move production data into systems built for analytics, while keeping your application workload on Postgres.

You get:

- A complete initial copy of your selected tables.
- Near real-time replication after the initial copy finishes.
- At-least-once delivery for database changes.
- Destination-side tables that stay aligned with your source schema.
- A managed Dashboard experience for creating, monitoring, and controlling pipelines.
- The ability to add and remove tables to your replication pipeline without having to restart replication from scratch.

If you are deciding between Supabase Realtime and Supabase Pipelines, read [Realtime or Pipelines? How to choose the right tool](https://supabase.com/blog/realtime-or-pipelines-how-to-choose-the-right-tool). The short version: Realtime is for live user experiences over WebSocket. Supabase Pipelines is for reliable data movement into analytical systems.

## What changed since private alpha

> Since introducing Supabase ETL, we've been focused on making the pipeline faster, more predictable, and easier to operate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since introducing Supabase Pipelines, we've been focused on making it faster, more predictable, and easier to operate.
```

> We improved performance across the pipeline, reduced memory usage, and lowered replication latency. This work is ongoing. Supabase Pipelines is still in alpha, and we're continuing to tune throughput, batching, backpressure, and destination writes as we learn from more workloads.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We improved performance across the board, reduced memory usage, and lowered replication latency. This work is ongoing. Supabase Pipelines is still in alpha, and we're continuing to tune throughput, batching, and backpressure as we learn from more workloads.
```

> We also improved the initial table copy. It can now be parallelized across tables and within a table, which lets pipelines load existing data much faster before switching into streaming mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We also improved the initial sync. It can now be parallelized across tables and within a table, which lets pipelines load existing data much faster before switching into streaming mode.
```

The biggest new feature is **schema change support**.

## Schema changes are now replicated

When your Postgres schema changes in a supported way, Pipelines applies the same change to your destination automatically.

That means your BigQuery schema can stay up to date as your Postgres schema changes, without requiring a manual destination migration for every supported change.

The current version supports:

- Adding columns.
- Removing columns.
- Renaming columns.
- Changing column nullability and defaults.

This is an important step toward one-to-one replication between your operational database and your analytical destination.

There is more to do. We're working on expanding schema change support to cover more cases, including additional type changes and other table-level changes. Some destinations may also support the operations above in different ways due to their inherent limitations. For now, unsupported schema changes may still require manual handling depending on the change and destination.

## How it works

Supabase Pipelines uses Postgres logical replication under the hood.

When you create a pipeline:

1. You choose the tables you want to replicate.

> 2. Supabase Pipelines creates an initial copy of the selected tables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Supabase Pipelines creates an initial sync of the selected tables.
```

> 3. The initial copy runs with parallel workers based on the configured parallelism level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. The initial sync runs with parallel workers based on the configured parallelism level.
```

> 4. After the copy completes, the pipeline switches to streaming mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. After the sync completes, the pipeline switches to streaming mode.
```

5. New changes are read from the replication slot, batched, and written to the destination.
6. Supported schema changes are detected and applied to the destination schema.

> The pipeline is designed for reliable data movement. If a destination is temporarily unavailable or the pipeline restarts, replication resumes from the last acknowledged position. It can also self-heal under most circumstances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The pipeline is designed for reliable data movement. If a destination is temporarily unavailable or the pipeline restarts, replication resumes from the last acknowledged position. It can also detect and recover from many transient failures automatically, while surfacing issues that require intervention.
```

## Available destinations

BigQuery is the first destination available to everyone in public alpha.

BigQuery is Google's serverless data warehouse. It works well for large-scale analytics, integrates with BI tools, and gives teams a familiar place to query operational data without running heavy analytical workloads against Postgres.

When you replicate to BigQuery, Supabase Pipelines keeps a destination representation of your source tables up to date. You can query the replicated data in BigQuery while your application continues using Postgres.

## Request new destinations

> We want Supabase Pipelines to connect Supabase Postgres to the systems your team already uses.

Reviewer: We need to link the early access form here.

We're opening a [destination request form](https://supabase.com/go/supabase-pipelines-new-destinations) for:

- ClickHouse
- Snowflake
- DuckLake

This form helps us prioritize the next destinations based on real use cases: scale, data volume, expected latency, destination setup, and how teams want to query replicated data.

We're always looking to add more destinations. If there is another warehouse, lakehouse, database, or local analytics engine you want to see supported, let us know.

## On the roadmap

> When the DuckLake destination becomes available, we plan for Supabase to run routine performance maintenance for you, so your data stays optimized for queries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## Pricing

Supabase Pipelines uses a pipeline-based and usage-based pricing model:

- **$0.053 per hour per active pipeline**
- **$0.60 per GB** for the initial table copy
- **$3 per GB** for replicated data after the initial copy

> An active pipeline is a pipeline that is configured and running replication, billed hourly. Initial table copy usage is measured during the first load of existing data. Replicated data usage is measured from changes processed after the initial copy. Pricing is subject to change during the public alpha. We'll give notice before any change takes effect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A pipeline becomes billable as soon as it is created and is charged hourly, including while replication is paused or inactive. Initial sync usage covers the first load of existing data, while ongoing replication usage covers changes processed after that initial sync. Pricing may change during the public alpha, and we will provide advance notice before any updates take effect.
```

## Things to know during public alpha

Supabase Pipelines is now available in public alpha, which means more teams can start using it, but we're still improving the product quickly.

A few things to keep in mind:

- BigQuery is currently the only destination, available on all paid plans.
- More schema changes, including broader type change support, are on the roadmap.
- Performance, memory usage, and latency will continue to improve.
- Destination support will expand based on customer demand and product feedback.

> - Multi-region support for reduced latency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Multi-region support for reduced latency is being evaluated.
```

We're especially interested in feedback from teams using Supabase Pipelines for analytics, reporting, audit trails, ML workflows, and workload isolation.

## Get started

![Supabase Pipelines dashboard](/images/blog/supabase-pipelines-public-alpha/pipelines-screenshot-1.png)

Supabase Pipelines is available in public alpha on all paid plans, from the Supabase Dashboard.

Create a pipeline, choose BigQuery as your destination, select the tables you want to replicate, and start moving your Postgres data into your warehouse.

> If you want to understand the underlying technology, read [Introducing Supabase ETL](https://supabase.com/blog/introducing-supabase-etl). If you want to understand when to use Supabase Pipelines instead of Realtime, read [Realtime or ETL? How to choose the right tool](https://supabase.com/blog/realtime-or-etl-how-to-choose-the-right-tool).

Author: ```suggestion
If you want to understand the underlying technology, read [Introducing Supabase ETL](https://supabase.com/blog/introducing-supabase-etl). If you want to understand when to use Supabase Pipelines instead of Realtime, read [Realtime or Pipelines? How to choose the right tool](https://supabase.com/blog/realtime-or-etl-how-to-choose-the-right-tool).
```

> If you want to understand the underlying technology, read [Introducing Supabase ETL](https://supabase.com/blog/introducing-supabase-etl). If you want to understand when to use Supabase Pipelines instead of Realtime, read [Realtime or Pipelines? How to choose the right tool](https://supabase.com/blog/realtime-or-etl-how-to-choose-the-right-tool).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To explore the underlying technology, visit the open-source [[Supabase ETL repository](https://github.com/supabase/etl)](https://github.com/supabase/etl). If you want to understand when to use Supabase Pipelines instead of Realtime, read [Realtime or Pipelines? How to choose the right tool](https://supabase.com/blog/realtime-or-etl-how-to-choose-the-right-tool).
```

> Supabase ETL is open source. You can find the code at [github.com/supabase/etl](https://github.com/supabase/etl).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
